HTML Help
END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR MICROSOFT SOFTWARE

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: This Microsoft End-User License
Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you (either an
individual or a single entity) and Microsoft Corporation for the
Microsoft software product identified above, which includes
computer software and associated media and printed materials,
and may include "online" or electronic documentation ("SOFTWARE
PRODUCT" or "SOFTWARE"). By installing, copying, or otherwise
using the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, you agree to be bound by the terms
of this EULA. If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do
not install, copy, or use the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

SOFTWARE PRODUCT LICENSE
The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by copyright laws and
international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual
property laws and treaties. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed,
not sold.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE. This EULA grants you the following
non-exclusive rights:

    * Software Product. You may install and use the enclosed
      SOFTWARE PRODUCT on your computers to design, develop, and
      test help systems and Internet content ("Help").

    * Sample Code. You may modify the sample source code
      located in the SOFTWARE PRODUCT's online help files to
      design, develop, and test your Help. You may also
      reproduce and distribute the Sample Code in object code
      form along with any modifications you make to the Sample
      Code, provided that you comply with the Distribution
      Requirements described below. For purposes of this
      section, "modifications" shall mean enhancements to the
      functionality of the Sample Code.

    * Redistributable Code. The portions of the SOFTWARE
      PRODUCT identified as "hhupd.exe" is designated as
      "Redistributable Code." The Redistributable Code has been
      designed, developed and tested to run on Windows 95 and
      Windows NT and is intended to provide you with a way to
      redistribute Microsoft Internet Explorer services such as HTML Help
      functionality. You may redistribute the Redistributable
      Code subject to the Distribution Requirements listed below
      and the following additional provisions: you may only
      permit installation of the Redistributable Code in the
      "passive mode" without making it the default browser and
      without adding the Internet icon to the desktop. If your
      redistribution and installation of the Redistibutable Code
      requires that you use the Internet icon on the desktop, or
      to use Microsoft Internet Explorer as the default browser, you must
      sign up and accept the terms of the Microsoft Internet Explorer
      License and Distribution Agreement located at:
      http://ieak.microsoft.com/release2/licenseProducts.asp.

    * Distribution Requirements. You may copy and
      redistribute the Sample Code and/or Redistributable Code
      (collectively "REDISTRIBUTABLE COMPONENTS") as described
      above, provided that (a) you distribute the
      REDISTRIBUTABLE COMPONENTS only in conjunction with, and
      as a part of, your Application; (b) your Application adds
      significant and primary functionality to the
      REDISTRIBUTABLE COMPONENTS; (c) you do not use Microsoft's
      name, logo, or trademarks to market your Application,
      except as expressly authorized by Microsoft in any other
      agreement; (d) you include a valid copyright notice on
      your Application; and (g) you agree to indemnify, hold
      harmless, and defend Microsoft from and against any claims
      or lawsuits, including attorneys' fees, that arise or
      result from the use or distribution of your Application.
      Microsoft reserves all rights not expressly granted to
      you.

2. COPYRIGHT. All rights, title, and copyrights in and to the
SOFTWARE PRODUCT (including, but not limited to, any images,
photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, and
"applets" incorporated into the SOFTWARE PRODUCT) and any copies
of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT are owned by Microsoft or its suppliers.
You may not copy the printed materials, if any, accompanying the
SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

3.  DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.
    * Limitations on Reverse-Engineering, Decompilation, and
      Disassembly. You may not reverse- engineer, decompile, or
      disassemble the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, except and only to the
      extent that such activity is expressly permitted by
      applicable law notwithstanding this limitation.

    * Rental. You may not rent or lease the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

    * Software Transfer. You may permanently transfer all of
      your rights under this EULA, provided you retain no
      copies, you transfer all of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT
      (including all component parts, the media and printed
      materials, any upgrades, this EULA, and, if applicable,
      the Certificate of Authenticity), and the recipient agrees
      to the terms of this EULA. If the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is an
      upgrade, any transfer must include all prior versions of
      the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

    * Termination. Without prejudice to any other rights,
      Microsoft may terminate this EULA if you fail to comply
      with the terms and conditions of this EULA. In such event,
      you must destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT and
      all of its component parts.

5. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You agree that neither you nor your
customers intend to or will, directly or indirectly, export or
transmit (a) the SOFTWARE PRODUCT or related documentation and
technical data, or (b) your Application as described in Section
1 of this EULA (or any part thereof), or process, or service
that is the direct product of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT to any
country to which such export or transmission is restricted by
any applicable U.S. regulation or statute, without the prior
written consent, if required, of the Bureau of Export
Administration of the U.S. Department of Commerce, or such other
governmental entity as may have jurisdiction over such export
or transmission.

6. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT and
documentation are provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use,
duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to
restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of The
Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS
252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial
Computer Software - Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as
applicable. Manufacturer is Microsoft Corporation/One Microsoft
Way/ Redmond, WA 98052-6399. MISCELLANEOUS

If you acquired this product in the United States, this EULA is
governed by the laws of the State of Washington.

If you acquired this product in Canada, this EULA is governed by
the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada. Each of the parties
hereto irrevocably attorns to the jurisdiction of the courts of
the Province of Ontario and further agrees to commence any
litigation that may arise hereunder in the courts located in the
Judicial District of York, Province of Ontario.

If this product was acquired outside the United States, local
law may apply.

Should you have any questions concerning this EULA, or if you
desire to contact Microsoft for any reason, please contact the
Microsoft subsidiary serving your country, or write: Microsoft
Customer Sales and Service/One Microsoft Way/Redmond, WA
98052-6399.

NO WARRANTIES. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law, Microsoft expressly disclaims any warranty for the SOFTWARE
PRODUCT. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT and any related documentation are
provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or
implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties
of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. The
entire risk arising out of use or performance of the SOFTWARE
PRODUCT remains with you.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. Microsoft's entire liability and your
exclusive remedy under this EULA shall not exceed five dollars
(US$5.00).

NO LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. To the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Microsoft or its
suppliers be liable for any damages whatsoever (including,
without limitation, damages for loss of business profit,
business interruption, loss of business information, or any
other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of, or inability to
use, this Microsoft product, even if Microsoft has been advised
of the possibility of such damages. Because some
states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of
liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above
limitation may not apply to you.

Si vous avez acquis votre produit Microsoft au CANADA, la
garantie limitée suivante vous concerne:

GARANTIE LIMITÉE
EXCLUSION DE GARANTIES. Microsoft renonce entièrement à toute
garantie pour le LOGICIEL. Le LOGICIEL et toute autre
documentation s'y rapportant sont fournis « comme tels » sans
aucune garantie quelle qu'elle soit, expresse ou implicite, y
compris, mais ne se limitant pas aux garanties implicites de la
qualité marchande ou un usage particulier. Le risque total
découlant de l'utilisation ou de la performance du LOGICIEL est
entre vos mains.

RESPONSABILITÉ LIMITÉE. La seule obligation de Microsoft et votre
recours exclusif concernant ce contrat n'excèderont (US$5.00).

ABSENCE DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES DOMMAGES INDIRECTS. Microsoft
ou ses fournisseurs ne pourront être tenus responsables en
aucune circonstance de tout dommage quel qu'il soit (y compris
mais non de façon limitative les dommages directs ou indirects
causés par la perte de bénéfices commerciaux, l'interruption des
affaires, la perte d'information commerciale ou toute autre
perte pécuniaire) résultant de l'utilisation ou de
l'impossibilité d'utilisation de ce produit, et ce, même si la
société Microsoft a été avisée de l'éventualité de tels
dommages. Certains états/juridictions ne permettent pas
l'exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilité relative aux
dommages indirects ou consécutifs, et la limitation ci-dessus
peut ne pas s'appliquer à votre égard. La présente Convention
est régie par les lois de la province d'Ontario, Canada. Chacune
des parties à la Convention reconnaît irrévocablement la
compétence des tribunaux de la province d'Ontario et consent à
instituer tout litige qui pourrait découler de la Convention
auprès des tribunaux situés dans le district judiciaire de York,
province d'Ontario.

Au cas où vous auriez des questions concernant cette licence ou
que vous désiriez vous mettre en rapport avec Microsoft pour
quelque raison que ce soit, veuillez contacter la succursale
Microsoft desservant votre pays, dont l'adresse est fournie dans
ce produit, ou écrire à: Microsoft Customer Sales and Service,
One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052-6399.
